docs: #34499 Alternatives to docker, root filesystem permissions (#34532)
envoyproxy/envoy: docs/root/start/docker.rst

Using the Envoy Docker Image
============================

> Envoy OCI images are built using Docker and have been extensively battle-tested in large scale 

Reviewer: wondering if we should put this in a `.. note::`

deployments running with Docker. Use of other container technologies such as Podman, while known to

> function correctly, is not expressly supported.

Reviewer: do we know it functions correctly? i havent tested this myself and have seen a couple of related issues

Author: Thanks for the info. How about language along the lines of 

"The Envoy project does not expressly support the use of container technologies other than Docker, such as Podman, even though such use might appear to function correctly in your use case."

Reviewer: > Use of other container technologies such as Podman may work but have not been extensively testsed and are not expressly supported.

Using the Envoy Docker Image
============================

.. note::

>   Envoy OCI images are built using Docker and have been extensively battle-tested in large scale

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Envoy OCI images are built using Docker and have been extensively tested in large scale
```

   $ docker build -t envoy:v1 .

Assuming Envoy is configured to listen on ports ``9901`` and ``10000``, you can now start it
in Docker with:

.. code-block:: console

   $ docker run -d --name envoy -p 9901:9901 -p 10000:10000 envoy:v1

or in Podman (unsupported) with:

.. code-block:: console

   $ podman run -d --name envoy -p 9901:9901 -p 10000:10000 envoy:v1

Root filesystem permissions for running Envoy in containers
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> The Envoy container image must be run with the container's root filesystem mounted read-write.

Reviewer: i dont think this is correct - i didnt try it, but i dont see any reason why it cant be mounted read-only - unless logging, caching, or some other use of the fs is configured

Author: Admittedly, it's a conservative take. I don't currently have the latitude to comprehensively test RO myself. And I'm not a person that can assert on behalf of the Envoy project that RO is supported. Unless someone has better info ;)

Reviewer: i think its wrong - for example testing with:

```console
$ docker run -p 10000:10000 -v $PWD/configs/:/configs --read-only envoyproxy/envoy:distroless-v1.30-latest -c /configs/envoy-demo.yaml
```

works as expected

Author: This is exactly what I want -- Acknowledgement, blessing, instructions, and official support from the Envoy project on running Envoy containers read-only. Lemme update this PR.

   $ docker build -t envoy:v1 .

Assuming Envoy is configured to listen on ports ``9901`` and ``10000``, you can now start it
in Docker with:

.. code-block:: console

   $ docker run -d --name envoy -p 9901:9901 -p 10000:10000 envoy:v1

or in Podman (unsupported) with:

.. code-block:: console

   $ podman run -d --name envoy -p 9901:9901 -p 10000:10000 envoy:v1

Root filesystem permissions for running Envoy in containers
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Envoy container image can be run with the container's root filesystem mounted read-only.

> With Docker and Podman, this means using the ``--read-only`` option of the ``run`` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, using Docker and Podman, you can use the ``--read-only`` option of the ``run`` command.
```

it doesnt necessarily mean using `run` - this should work equally with `up` or in a situation where you dont call the container directly (ie k8s/compose/etc)

> With Docker and Podman, this means using the ``--read-only`` option of the ``run`` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

With Docker and Podman, this means using the ``--read-only`` option of the ``run`` command.
```

rst wont render a new line (/paragraph) without an empty line in between

> With Kubernetes, this means setting ``podSpec.containers.securityContext.readOnlyFilesystem`` to ``true``.
> With Nomad, this means setting ``readonly_rootfs = true`` in the task's ``config`` block when using the ``docker`` or ``podman`` driver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

With Kubernetes, this means setting ``podSpec.containers.securityContext.readOnlyFilesystem`` to ``true``.

With Nomad, this means setting ``readonly_rootfs = true`` in the task's ``config`` block when using the ``docker`` or ``podman`` driver.
```

same with these lines
